Include Function.p.toString revision content in description (#18207)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/function/tostring/index.md

returns a _native function string_ which looks like

```js
"function someName() { [native code] }"
```

For intrinsic object methods and functions, `someName` is the initial name of the function; otherwise its content may be implementation-defined, but will always be in property name syntax, like `[1 + 1]`, `someName`, or `1`.

> **Note:** This means using [`eval()`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/eval) on native function strings is a guaranteed syntax error.

> If the `toString()` method is called on a function created by the `Function` constructor, `toString()` returns the source code of a synthesized function declaration named "anonymous" using the provided parameters and function body. For example, `Function("a", "b", "return a + b").toString()` will return 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `toString()` method is called on a function created by the `Function` constructor, `toString()` returns the source code of a synthesized function declaration named "anonymous" using the provided parameters and function body. For example, `Function("a", "b", "return a + b").toString()` will return:
```

```js
"function anonymous(a,b\n) {\nreturn a + b\n}"
```

> Since ES2018, the spec demands the return value of `toString()` to be the exact same source code as it was declared, including any whitespace and/or comments — or, if the host doesn't have the source code available for some reason, return `function someName() { [native code] }`, where `someName` is implementation-dependent. Support of this revised behavior can be found in the [compatibility table](#browser_compatibility).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since ES2018, the spec requires the return value of `toString()` to be the exact same source code as it was declared, including any whitespace and/or comments — or, if the host doesn't have the source code available for some reason, requires returning `function someName() { [native code] }` — where `someName` is implementation-dependent. Support for that revised behavior can be found in the [compatibility table](#browser_compatibility).
```
